# README

This README would normally document whatever steps are necessary to get the
application up and running.

## Ruby version
ruby-3.1.2

## System dependencies
Built by docker-compose, docker, or manual with conda, redis, sidekiq, ...

## Configuration
* `app`: all you need (controllers, modles, views, sidekiq - defining jobs, mailers - defining email config, assets - bootstrap)
* `bin`: generated by initialization.  
* `config`:  
    > switch `environments`: `development.rb`, `production.rb`, `test.rb`.  
    > set `routes.rb`: manage the directions of every clicks in website.  
    > `*.yml`: lots of config to interact with outer and inner environment.  
* `db`: database for manage the schema and initial data (seeds).  
* `lib`: the path where `Hand Predictor API` and `hand_paraser.rb` are saved. 
* `log`: output log.  
* `public`: public assets.  
* `storage`: active storage (maybe?).  
* `test`: test environment (but not implemented in this study).  
* `tmp`: temporary file.  
* `Gemfile`: defined gem packages.  
* `Procfile`: all-in-one start and stop for docker-compose env.  
* `Procfile.backup`: all-in-one start and stop for docker env.  

## Database creation
We use `sqlite3` as the foundation of the database.  

## Database initialization
Automatically created by docker or docker-compose.  

## How to run the test suite
Not implemented.  

## Services (job queues, cache servers, search engines, etc.)
* letter_opener: go to `localhost:13006/letter_opener`, where your mail will send to this fake mail box when local usage. You can click confirm, reset passwords, ... and so on.  
* admin: go to `localhost:13006/admin`, where is the backend of the website. You can see how the data storaged in the database and the users in the system.  

## Deployment instructions

## Development useful information
### debug (byebug)
```bash
rails console
> load 'path/to/file.rb'
```
add `<= byebug =>` in where you want to stop in the `.html.erb`

### devise cheatsheet
```
user.admin?  
user.admin!  
user.role  
user.user?  
user.vip?  
```
